Add Cascades Planner to experimental-features (#9854) (#9933)
pingcap/docs: experimental-features.md

+ [Generated Columns](/generated-columns.md) (Introduced in v2.1)
+ [User-Defined Variables](/user-defined-variables.md) (Introduced in v2.1)
+ [JSON data type](/data-type-json.md) and [JSON functions](/functions-and-operators/json-functions.md) (Introduced in v2.1)

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> + [Using `ALTER TABLE` to modify multiple columns or indexes](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_change_multi_schema) (Introduced in v5.0.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ [Using `ALTER TABLE` to modify multiple columns or indexes](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_change_multi_schema) (Introduced in v5.0.0)
+ [Cascades Planner](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_cascades_planner): a cascades framework-based top-down query optimizer (Introduced in v3.0)
```

## Data sharing and subscription

+ [Integrate TiCDC with Kafka Connect (Confluent Platform)](/ticdc/integrate-confluent-using-ticdc.md) (Introduced in v5.0)

> =======
> + [Cascades Planner](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_cascades_planner): a cascades framework-based top-down query optimizer (Introduced in v3.0)
> + [`ALTER TABLE ... COMPACT`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-alter-table-compact.md) (Introduced in v6.1.0)
> >>>>>>> 182a002b1 (Add Cascades Planner to experimental-features (#9854))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
